[examples] Migrate development-to-production example to use Pythonic IO manager (#13607)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/guides/dagster/transitioning-data-pipelines-from-development-to-production.mdx

1. Developers need to remember to change `user` and `password` to their credentials and `schema` to their name when developing locally.
2. Passwords are being stored in code.

> We can easily solve these problems using <PyObject object="EnvVar"/>, which lets us source configuration for resources from environment variables. This allows us to store Snowflake configuration values as environment variables and point the IO manager to those environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can easily solve these problems using <PyObject object="EnvVar"/>, which lets us source configuration for resources from environment variables. This allows us to store Snowflake configuration values as environment variables and point the I/O manager to those environment variables:
```
nit: I/O manager
